the double value that is closer than any other to e, the base of the natural logarithms.
the double value that is closer than any other to pi, the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter.
returns the absolute value of a double value.
returns the absolute value of a float value.
returns the absolute value of an int value.
returns the absolute value of a long value.
returns the arc cosine of a value; the returned angle is in the range 0.0 through pi.
returns the sum of its arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the sum of its arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the arc sine of a value; the returned angle is in the range -pi/2 through pi/2.
returns the arc tangent of a value; the returned angle is in the range -pi/2 through pi/2.
returns the angle theta from the conversion of rectangular coordinates (x, y) to polar coordinates (r, theta).
returns the cube root of a double value.
returns the smallest (closest to negative infinity) double value that is greater than or equal to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
returns the first floating-point argument with the sign of the second floating-point argument.
returns the first floating-point argument with the sign of the second floating-point argument.
returns the trigonometric cosine of an angle.
returns the hyperbolic cosine of a double value.
returns the argument decremented by one, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the argument decremented by one, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns euler's number e raised to the power of a double value.
returns ex -1.
returns the largest (closest to positive infinity) double value that is less than or equal to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
returns the largest (closest to positive infinity) int value that is less than or equal to the algebraic quotient.
returns the largest (closest to positive infinity) long value that is less than or equal to the algebraic quotient.
returns the largest (closest to positive infinity) long value that is less than or equal to the algebraic quotient.
returns the floor modulus of the int arguments.
returns the floor modulus of the long and int arguments.
returns the floor modulus of the long arguments.
returns the fused multiply add of the three arguments; that is, returns the exact product of the first two arguments summed with the third argument and then rounded once to the nearest double.
returns the fused multiply add of the three arguments; that is, returns the exact product of the first two arguments summed with the third argument and then rounded once to the nearest float.
returns the unbiased exponent used in the representation of a double.
returns the unbiased exponent used in the representation of a float.
returns sqrt(x2 +y2) without intermediate overflow or underflow.
computes the remainder operation on two arguments as prescribed by the ieee 754 standard.
returns the argument incremented by one, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the argument incremented by one, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the natural logarithm (base e) of a double value.
returns the base 10 logarithm of a double value.
returns the natural logarithm of the sum of the argument and 1.
returns the greater of two double values.
returns the greater of two float values.
returns the greater of two int values.
returns the greater of two long values.
returns the smaller of two double values.
returns the smaller of two float values.
returns the smaller of two int values.
returns the smaller of two long values.
returns the product of the arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the product of the arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the product of the arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the exact mathematical product of the arguments.
returns as a long the most significant 64 bits of the 128-bit product of two 64-bit factors.
returns the negation of the argument, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the negation of the argument, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the floating-point number adjacent to the first argument in the direction of the second argument.
returns the floating-point number adjacent to the first argument in the direction of the second argument.
returns the floating-point value adjacent to d in the direction of negative infinity.
returns the floating-point value adjacent to f in the direction of negative infinity.
returns the floating-point value adjacent to d in the direction of positive infinity.
returns the floating-point value adjacent to f in the direction of positive infinity.
returns the value of the first argument raised to the power of the second argument.
returns a double value with a positive sign, greater than or equal to 0.0 and less than 1.0.
returns the double value that is closest in value to the argument and is equal to a mathematical integer.
returns the closest long to the argument, with ties rounding to positive infinity.
returns the closest int to the argument, with ties rounding to positive infinity.
returns d × 2scalefactor rounded as if performed by a single correctly rounded floating-point multiply to a member of the double value set.
returns f × 2scalefactor rounded as if performed by a single correctly rounded floating-point multiply to a member of the float value set.
returns the signum function of the argument; zero if the argument is zero, 1.0 if the argument is greater than zero, -1.0 if the argument is less than zero.
returns the signum function of the argument; zero if the argument is zero, 1.0f if the argument is greater than zero, -1.0f if the argument is less than zero.
returns the trigonometric sine of an angle.
returns the hyperbolic sine of a double value.
returns the correctly rounded positive square root of a double value.
returns the difference of the arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows an int.
returns the difference of the arguments, throwing an exception if the result overflows a long.
returns the trigonometric tangent of an angle.
returns the hyperbolic tangent of a double value.
converts an angle measured in radians to an approximately equivalent angle measured in degrees.
returns the value of the long argument; throwing an exception if the value overflows an int.
converts an angle measured in degrees to an approximately equivalent angle measured in radians.
returns the size of an ulp of the argument.
returns the size of an ulp of the argument.
